I welcome the White House's global COVID-19 summit and support its draft's targets. In response to the Pandemic, Ghana designated the safety of our people as paramount, even as instituted policies to prevent the collapse of the economy. As it awaited development of and access to a vaccine. My government prepared a national immunization development plan, which included adding cold storage capacity, training of medical personnel to administer vaccines, and developing a pharma COVigilance system to monitor for possible adverse side effects. Guyana has made no effort and resources in obtaining vaccines for its eligible population. To date, 69% of the country's adult population is partially immunized and 36% fully immunized. I express my profound appreciation for President Biden's kind and substantial donation of pfizer vaccines, which will allow us to immunize all our children aged twelve to 18 years. However, vaccine hesitancy and its manipulation for the purposes of political mischief are conspiring to hobble our movement towards hurt immunity. The Pandemic has exposed the asymmetries of the international system. Developing countries have been disadvantaged by the inequitable access and availability of vaccines. The uneven access to vaccination will hamper the economic recovery. It is for this reason that Ghana supports the need for a global summit on vaccines and vaccination. Developing countries have suffered a contraction of growth, massive jobs losses, closure of many small businesses, and imperiling of key sectors such as tourism. Presently, disruption to global supply chain and logistics are increasing import costs and consequently the cost of living. As such, while I endorse the optimism of this summit, I am mindful that global economic recovery will be uneven and that unless the inequalities in the global economy are addressed and the problems of developing States are particularized in this process, the legacy of the Pandemic will frustrate developing countries recovery and the attainment of the sustainable development goals. I'm confident, however, that this summit is a step in the right direction, and I wish it every success. I thank you.